[Music]
now all the way from Istanbul from a
yard that has a long heritage of yacht
and motorboat building including the at
limit range this is a Serena
56 this is the three cabin version but
as you can see in the stern there's also
crew quarters what I asked the sales
team here at the can boat show what set
this boat apart they said three things
volume volume and volume and you can see
what they mean not only is there a very
generous saloon
you've got very generous side decks as
well well I have to say this is my
favorite cabin I just love the layout
you can lie in bed here if you're much
television but much better you can look
out of these windows out to sea and also
up the stairs there you've got access to
the foredeck the serena has bags of
sunbathing area on the flybridge plus of
course the set of repeat controls up
there a lovely sociable area bags of
space with its straight bow and it's
lovely forward cabin and access to the
deck and these beautiful sunbathing
areas this really is a great boat for
the Mediterranean or the American market
you